changes against list of canonical skills: qa-knowledge, qa-structure, data-collection (#128)
griddynamics/rosetta: instructions/r3/core/skills/qa-structure/assets/api-qa-config-interview.md

# API-QA config interview (asset of the `qa-structure` skill)

Verbatim user-prompt interview asked at QA Phase 0 when the project config does not yet exist.

<api-qa-config-interview>

> Ask verbatim (via the phase's structured-questioning step) only when the project config does not exist. Confirm the answer covers at minimum: document storage (or docs are in-repo), Swagger/OpenAPI availability, and where test cases come from. If a required field is missing, ask ONE follow-up naming the missing fields (cap: 2 rounds). Covers every **required** key in `config-schema.md` -- load it to verify coverage if unsure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adapt and ask (via the structured-questioning step) only when the project config does not exist. Confirm the answer covers at minimum: document storage (or docs are in-repo), Swagger/OpenAPI availability, and where test cases come from. If a required field is missing, ask ONE follow-up naming the missing fields (cap: 2 rounds). Covers every **required** key in `config-schema.md` -- load it to verify coverage if unsure.
```
